If you are new to automation and maybe heard of Selenium and
possibly heard of WebDriver, you may be wondering what the
difference is between the two.
Well, a few years ago Selenium and WebDriver were actually
separate products and separate applications.
In fact, they were separate companies.
Selenium consumed the WebDriver API and they integrated it into one
product offering. The Selenium IDE itself, as we just saw, is a
great way for us to go through and click and record what we're
testing inside of a browser using the Selenium IDE, and then play
that back going forward.
WebDriver is actually the API for us to go through and automate
the testing of our IDE and browser through Java code or .NET or
some other programming language.
They'll provide all the basic bindings for us to go through and
automate that browser from our source code.
Let's take a look at what WebDriver examples look like and what that code would look like inside of our IDE now.